Add announcment blog post for rust unconference event (#996)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2022-06-24-rust-unconference.md

---
layout: post

> title: "Announcing The Rustconf Day After Unconference"

Author: Needs a better title

Reviewer: RustConf, capital C <3

And if we _do_ stick with this, we should probably hyphenate day-after.

author: Jane Lusby, on behalf of The Rust Project Teams
---

Hello Rust community!

We're excited to announce that the Rust project teams be hosting an
unconference[^1] the day after RustConf. This unconference will be dedicated to
the Rust project and will be a fantastic opportunity for users, contributors,
and maintainers to network and discuss the project's development.

There will be no set agenda; instead, attendees will decide what will be
discussed together and can move freely between sessions to find ones in which
they can contribute most effectively based on their individual interests and
needs.

To get the most out of the unconference, jot down your thoughts ahead of time
and bring them ready to share. We will also setup a Discord channel for folks
to communicate and make preliminary, informal plans.

Whether or not you plan to attend, please fill out the extremely short two

> question **[:rotating_light: attendance survey :rotating_light:]()** so we can

Author: needs an actual link

better estimate the number of attendees, especially if you are a project
member. We have no data to base figures off of because we have never hosted an
event like this, especially during COVID Times, and completing the survey will
help us plan appropriately, even if your answer is just "I'm definitely not
going" or "I'm undecided".

Everyone is welcome to register, but if space is limited, registration for

> project participants and conference attendees will be given priority.

Author: registration won't be immediately available, this feels like it needs to be reworded to acknowledge this and promise future updates, can probably also tie back into the previous paragraph.

Reviewer: Update: registration is ready to go! 🥳

---
layout: post
title: "Announcing The RustConf PostConf UnConf"
author: Jane Lusby, on behalf of The Rust Project Teams
---

Hello Rust community!

> We're excited to announce that the Rust project teams be hosting an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We're excited to announce that the Rust project teams will be hosting an
```

unconference[^1] the day after RustConf.

![RustConf PostConf UnConf promo image](../../../images/2022-06-24-rust-unconference/Eventbrite_Unconf.jpg)

The PostConf Unconf will be dedicated to the Rust project and will be a
fantastic opportunity for users, contributors, and maintainers to network and
discuss the project's development.

There will be no set agenda; instead, attendees will decide what will be
discussed together and can move freely between sessions to find ones in which
they can contribute most effectively based on their individual interests and
needs.

To get the most out of the unconference, jot down your thoughts ahead of time

> and bring them ready to share. We will also setup a channel in the RustConf

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and bring them ready to share. We will also set up a channel in the RustConf
```

Discord for folks to communicate and make preliminary, informal plans.

> If you plan to attend, please register as soon as possible to help us plan

Reviewer 2: I expect we'll get questions about remote attendance. Should we address that here?

Author: That seems like a good idea. I'm not sure how we'd do remote attendance for a free form event like this, wdyt?

Reviewer 2: That's a good question... It would be helpful to have some sort of conferencing equipment available for use but that might not be possible at such an event.

Author: I want to make sure we have projectors and are setup so people can give presentations if they want, but I don't anticipate wanting to run a livestream. Recording on the other hand seems reasonably low effort and high pay off if we end up having any presentations.

Author: For now I think I'd like to leave this as is and follow up with a FAQ to answer this and any other questions that we encounter.

appropriately. If space is limited, project participants and conference
attendees will be given preference. Registration is free and open to everyone,

> but we require either a RustConf registration ID or a $10 deposit at signup to

Reviewer 2: Is the deposit given back if the person does show up?

Author: Yes

ensure that registrations are an accurate approximation of participants.

> **[:rotating_light: Register Now! :rotating_light:]()**

Reviewer 2: TODO: add the link once it's ready
